they estimate that you have a life
expectancy of less than six months
it's all about how I spend my time now
volunteering takes away all the mystery
about dying it is a physical process
it's absolutely no different from eating
a meal and then having a bowel movement
it's a it's just just another thing that
happens if you're who one of those
restaurants where a railroad train goes
around and delivers your hamburger or
your sushi or whatever it is okay the
train is coming around and some days I'm
going to get a hamburger which I love
and some days I'm just going to get I'm
just going to get the death everybody's
got the same era train
we are not used to dealing with death in
a matter-of-fact way we're used to
pushing it away all the time oh you're
not dying which happens all the time
every day at least once oh they'll
discover something gotta have hope this
is crap Laura
I have a little card on my front door
which I read before going out which says
I fear nothing I hope for nothing I am
free i have i've talked to people who
say they feel sorry for me not having
any hope I didn't hope hope is a thief
you know I am living today as truly as I
am able I am resting up for a fabulous
dinner party tonight all right I in
hospice I'm on oxygen I'm going to take
my oxygen with me and I don't know if
I'll be able to last the whole dinner
party but that's what i am doing so the
maximum degree that I'm able and i
suppose i could say i hope the food will
be good but I know the food will be good
it doesn't matter the one will be good
the conversation will be good I know
that already I hope for nothing I'm
dealing with each and every moment as it
comes along to the maximum degree that I
can and that makes me happy I'm a happy
woman
you